Use env var to determine session or local storage (#9386)
owncloud/web: docs/getting-started.md

- `options.editor.autosaveInterval` Specifies the time interval for the autosave of editor apps in seconds.
- `options.contextHelpersReadMore` Specifies whether the "Read more" link should be displayed or not.
- `options.openLinksWithDefaultApp` Specifies whether single file link shares should be opened with default app or not.

> - `options.tokenStorageLocal` Specifies whether the access token will be stored in the local storage when set to 'true'
>   or in the session storage when set to 'false''. If stored in the local storage, login state will be persisted across
>   multiple browser tabs, means no additional logins are required. Defaults to 'false'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `options.tokenStorageLocal` Specifies whether the access token will be stored in the local storage when set to `true` or in the session storage when set to `false`. If stored in the local storage, login state will be persisted across multiple browser tabs, means no additional logins are required. Defaults to `true`.
```
